Fix Typos in Learn Pages (#1697)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/writing-secure-ballerina-code.md

We require developers to explicitly mark all values passed into security-sensitive parameters as 'trusted'. This explicit check forces developers and code reviewers to verify that the values being passed into the parameter are not vulnerable to a security violation.

> Ballerina standard library makes sure untrusted data cannot be used with security-sensitive parameters such as SQL queries, file paths, file name, permission flags, requests URLs and configuration keys preventing vulnerabilities including:

Author: Fixed.

> Ballerina standard library makes sure untrusted data cannot be used with security-sensitive parameters such as SQL queries, file paths, file name, permission flags, requests URLs and configuration keys preventing vulnerabilities including:

Author: Fixed.

#### JWT Inbound Authentication and Authorization

> Ballerina supports JWT Authentication and Authorization for services. The `http:BearerAuthHandler` is used to extract the HTTP `Authorization` header from the request and extract the credential from the header value which is `Bearer <token>`. Then the extracted credential will be passed to the initialized AuthProvider and get validated. The `jwt:InboundJwtAuthProvider` is used to validate the credentials (JWT) passed by the AuthHandler against the `jwt:JwtValidatorConfig` provided by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina supports JWT Authentication and Authorization for services. The `http:BearerAuthHandler` is used to extract the HTTP `Authorization` header from the request and extract the credential from the header value which is `Bearer <token>`. Then the extracted credential will be passed to the initialized AuthProvider and validated. The `jwt:InboundJwtAuthProvider` is used to validate the credentials (JWT) passed by the AuthHandler against the `jwt:JwtValidatorConfig` provided by the user.
```

Authentication failure
```

> Once a request is made with a valid, signed JWT, but without the expected `scope`, an authorization failure will occur. An example of a JWT without the `scope` attribute is as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a request is made with a valid, signed JWT but without the expected `scope`, an authorization failure will occur. An example of a JWT without the `scope` attribute is as follows.
```

Authentication failure
```

> Once a request is made with valid authentication information, but if the introspection endpoint does not respond with the "scope" attribute of the response JSON payload or respond with the "scope" attribute, which are not the expected scopes, an authorization failure will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a request is made with valid authentication information, but the introspection endpoint does not respond with the "scope" attribute of the response JSON payload or respond with the "scope" attribute because these are not expected scopes, an authorization failure will occur.
```

Reviewer: I'm still unclear about this part "does not respond with the "scope" attribute of the response JSON payload or respond with the "scope" attribute" - doesn't it say the same thing twice? Do they mean "...does or does not respond with the "scope" attribute of the response JSON payload"?

Author: Fixed.

Authentication failure
```

> Once a request is made with valid authentication information, but if the LDAP server responds with an empty group list or unexpected scopes, an authorization failure will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a request is made with valid authentication information but the LDAP server responds with an empty group list or unexpected scopes, an authorization failure will occur.
```
